improving withdrawal guide (#749)
prysmaticlabs/documentation: website/docs/wallet/withdraw-validator.md

In this how-to, you'll learn how to perform both types of withdrawals.

## In a nutshell

> Withdrawals are initiated by updating the `withdrawal_credentials` field on the validator with an Ethereum address of your choosing using your mnemonic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Withdrawals are initiated by updating the `withdrawal_credentials` field on the validator to an Ethereum address of your choosing using your mnemonic. 
```

> **note: updating the `withdrawal_credentials` is irreversible, so you must carefully verify the Ethereum address you choose**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**note: updating the `withdrawal_credentials` is irreversible, so you must carefully verify the Ethereum address you wish to receive your funds in**
```

We will be covering the following steps in this guide:

- download [staking-deposit-cli](https://github.com/ethereum/staking-deposit-cli)
- gather validator information for the [staking-deposit-cli](https://github.com/ethereum/staking-deposit-cli)

> - run the [staking-deposit-cli](https://github.com/ethereum/staking-deposit-cli) in an `offline` environment with your mnemonic to generate the `blstoexecutionchange` message(s)

Reviewer: I wonder how much we should say specific terms in this outline such as blstoexecutionchange jargon. Is there a way in which we could say something like "signed withdrawal request"?

> - verify the `blstoexecutionchange` message(s) that the corresponding validator will set to the chosen Ethereum address and migrate the `blstoexecutionchange` message(s) back to an `online` environment

Reviewer: maybe "signed withdrawal request"?
